That should be twenty bills.
Congratulations on your twentieth anniversary.
I think that studying the human brain is very important for the twenty-first century. What is your opinion?
What do you think the most serious problem in the world in the twenty-first century is?
Twenty-two thousand?
It's twenty-two dollars.
Twenty-two over thirty-three is a fraction.
Around twenty-four to twenty-eight degrees Celsius.
You mean twenty hundred hours?
Twenty-five thousand?|Sorry.|Thanks anyway.
Two hundred and fifty yen?
About twenty-five dollars.
It's twenty-five dollars.
The cube root of twenty-seven is three.
There are twenty-eight.
I'll pay fifty dollars for both.|How about that?
How much will it be if buy two?
The second period is grammar.
I took lessons for about two years.
I'm going to stay here for two years.
Two is an even number.
One second-class, one-way ticked to Dover, please.
Two marks forty.
Will you make that enough for two people?
Can I get a table for two?
I have a reservation for two tonight.
It cost two hundred dollars.
The bus number two is over there.|It's so crowded.|Anyway let's squeeze into the bus, otherwise we will be late.
On track number two.
Track two.
I'm afraid it's about two minutes fast.
Could I make a reservation for two persons?
It's a quarter after two.
It was supposed to leave at three twenty, but it's running a little late.
It's a quarter to three.
It is five minutes after two.
It is five minutes past two.
A couple of hours.
Walking for two hours, I got tired.
It's less than two hours.
It's two hours.
Will around two be all right?
I'll have an appointment in Ginza at two o'clock.
I have an appointment to see Mr. MacDonald at two o'clock.
I have an appointment to see Ms. MacDonald at two o'clock.
The lowest common multiple of two and three is six.
It's February fifteenth.
It's a warm day for February, isn't it?
Do you mind joining another twosome?
You can keep them for two weeks.
See you in two weeks.
I took two weeks off.
There are two weeks to go before the summer vacation.
A couple of week.
Once every two weeks.
I'll send the file in binary code.
That comes to two thousand five hundred yen.
It's on the second floor, aisle seven.
It's on the second floor by the window.
There's one on the second floor.
I want two kilograms.
This is a par five reachable in two.
In the three-mile race, Mike came in first and Mary second.
With three percent tax, it's fifteen dollars and forty-five cents.
It is thirty marks.
It costs three hundred Cruzeiros.
Thirty-thousand yen.
It cost me three hundred dollars.
I'd like to withdraw three hundred dollars.
It has more than three hundred pages.
After thirty years, it must need repairs here and there.
Thirty dollars.|It's a bargain.
Here's thirty dollars.|Keep the change, please.
I believe we could do it for under three hundred thousand dollars.
Only thirty people came to that lecture meeting.
Only thirty people turned up at that lecture meeting.
Was that thirtieth street?
You must wait for a half an hour.
I finished the test in thirty minutes.
It'll be another half hour or so.
It's about thirty minutes.
Please call me again in thirty minutes.
It comes in thirty minutes time.
It will leave in half an hour.
You have thirty seconds.
Three-two-three-three-three-one-seven-zero.
It costs three thousand two hundred fifty yen.
thirty-two watts.
It's thirty-two inches wide.
I can give it to you for thirty-three dollars.
Thirty-three dollars and twenty-five cents.
It's three hundred forty-five dollars.
Three or four minutes.
About thirty-five minutes.
A thirty-six story building is under construction here.
It's thirty-eight.
Would you let me know when we get to third avenue?
The third period is calligraphy.
I have been working there for three years.
I've been working there for three and a half years.
It took three months.
three and five make eight.
The three players shared the lead.
It's window number three.
Get off at the third station.
Boiled, three minutes.
It's three forty.
It's five minutes to three.
I've been here since three o'clock.|I waned to beat the rush.
A three-hour exam really takes it out of you.
I've got to be at the airport by three.
Could I leave my bags with you until three?
Could you keep my suitcase until three o'clock?
I'll go at three.
I'll come to see you at three.
I have an appointment with him at three.
I have an appointment at three o'clock.
There are lots of people coming and going in this shopping arcade between three and four every day.
The first full moon day after March twenty-first.|This is traditionally a Christian holiday, but now it is commercialized and we eat a lot of chocolate.
Imports rose by eleven percent in March.
There will be a drama festival in March.
Three is an odd number.
Three is an uneven number.
The cube of three is twenty-seven.
How much would it cost to rent a midsize car for three days?
I'd like to book a table for three tonight.
I came here three days ago.|As the Japan Baseball Champion Series is just under way, I think it's a good opportunity to see Japanese baseball.
It's three thousand yen for three days.
Maybe three to five days.
For three or four days.
Three days?.|I'm leaving New York on Friday.
About three weeks ago.
The accident took place on a three-lane road.
The accident occurred on a three-lane road.
The accident happened on a three-lane road.
You can find chinaware on the third floor.
You can find china on the third floor.
You can find ceramics on the third floor.
They are on the third floor.
It is on the third floor.|I'll take you there.
Go up to the third floor, please.
They're sold in the furniture department on the third floor.
The third floor.
I gained three kilograms.
Four plus seven is eleven.
Seven added to four makes eleven.
It's forty dollars.|And it's seventeen dollars for the electric cart, four dollars for the pull cart.
I got this for fifty percent off.
Forty thousand?|You're dreaming.
It's four hundred dollars.
It would be a little more than forty dollars.
There are more than forty participants.
I join the aerobics class for forty minutes and then use the sauna.
Forty hours.|Anything over forty hours is considered overtime.
It is measured by a square number, as showed by forty square meters.
Will you give me room four eighteen?
Around four or five bucks.
I only have forty-five dollars.|Please help me out.
The phrase in the second line from the top on page forty-five it's an interrogative sentence.|So the intonation should go up at the end, right?
This is a tough hole playing four hundred sixty yards.
Forty-seven.|We'll have a new student next week.
I heard that four is considered bad luck.|Could you tell me why?
It has four legs.
There are four large parks and many small ones.|The large parks are Ueno, Asakusa, Hibiya and Shiba Parks.
The fourth period is arithmetic.
The fourth period is math.
The fourth period is mathematics.
Thirty-five for a four-dollar token.
Please act together in groups of four or five.
Then, walk four blocks and you'll come to Eric's pizza.
Walk four blocks and you'll come to Eric's pizza.|Then.
It's ten minutes to four.
It's a quarter before four.
Quarter to four.
I'm sure I can make it by four thirty.
I'm tired from four hours of driving, so please give me a break.
I think it takes about four hours.
Take this medicine every four hours.
Wait until four o'clock.
Can you have my haircut done by four o'clock?|I have an appointment at four thirty.
Our twilight time starts at four.
At four.
It's four o'clock.
On April tenth.
I want to reserve a single for three nights, from April the first through the third.
It's the first of April.
They bloom at the beginning of April and are at their best by the middle of April.
There will be an athletic meet in April.
I'd like a standard car for four people, please.
We'd like a table for four.
It may take four or five days.
I shot a quad.
I only have a five thousand-yen bill.
It can accommodate fifty people.
I want three fifty cent stamps.
Fifty thousand lira?|I was thinking of around fifteen thousand.
I'd estimate fifty thousand to eighty thousand yen.
About five thousand.
Five thousand yen?|Hmm.
It's only five hundred dollars.
